Advisor docs (#1347)
scylladb/scylla-monitoring: docs/source/advisor/cqlReverseOrder.rst

Some queries use reverse order
------------------------------

Scylla supports a “cluster key” as a way to order (sort) rows in the same partition. 

> Querying with an order reversed from the the order the CLUSTERING ORDER BY was defined is inefficient and more resource consuming and should be avoided if possible

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Querying with an order which is different from the defined order in the CLUSTERING ORDER BY is inefficient and more resource-consuming. Reverse Queries should be avoided if possible
```
